samples: pmic: update npm1300_fuel_gauge sample to support nPM1304 (#23437)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/pmic/native/npm13xx_fuel_gauge/README.rst

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

> The sample also requires an `nPM1300 EK <nPM1300 EK product page_>`_ or nPM1304 EK that you need to connect to the development kit as described in `Wiring`_.

Reviewer: Add link.
```suggestion
The sample also requires an `nPM1300 EK <nPM1300 EK product page_>`_ or an `nPM1304 EK <nPM1304 product website_>`_ that you need to connect to the development kit as described in `Wiring`_.
```

        - GND
        - GND

#. Make the following connections on the nPM1300 or nPM1304 EK:

   * Remove all existing connections.

>    * Connect a USB power supply to the **J3** (**J4** on nPM1304) connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Connect a USB power supply to the connector **J3** (on nPM1300) or **J4** (on nPM1304).
```

   * Connect a suitable battery to the **J2** connector.
   * On the **P1** pin header, connect **VBAT** and **VBATIN** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P17** pin header, connect all LEDs with jumpers.
   * On the **P13** pin header, connect **RSET1** and **VSET1** pins with a jumper.
   * On the **P14** pin header, connect **RSET2** and **VSET2** pins with a jumper.

.. note::
   When using the :zephyr:board:`nrf54l15dk`, the PMIC **GPIO3** interrupt pin assignment uses the DK's **BUTTON 3** pin.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/pmic/native/npm13xx_fuel_gauge`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

> In order to build this sample, you need to choose either nPM1300 EK or nPM1304 EK as a Zephyr shield.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build this sample, you need to choose either nPM1300 EK or nPM1304 EK as a Zephyr shield.
```

> You can do this using either the nRF Connect for VS Code extension or the command line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use either the nRF Connect for VS Code extension or the command line.
```
